org/sam/mines/examples/OptionalExample.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.OptionalExample
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/VisitorTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteListVisitor
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteVisitor1
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteVisitor2
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.VisitedElement
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.Visitor
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.VisitorTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.VisitorTest$1
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/FactoryTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ColorFactory
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteColorColorFactory
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.FactoryTest
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/model/Shape.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.model.Shape
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/BuilderTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.BuilderTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.User
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.User$UserBuilder
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/ObserverTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ObserverTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.Publisher
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.Subscriber
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/BridgeTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.AbstractBridgeClient
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.BridgeTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteBridgeClient
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/AbstractFactoryTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.AbstractFactory
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.AbstractFactoryTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteColorFactory
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteShapeFactory
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.FactoryProvider
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/StrategyPattern.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ChangeColor
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ChangeColorStrategy
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.StrategyPattern
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/ChainOfResponsibilityTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ChainOfResponsibilityTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.RequestHandler
org/sam/mines/examples/ImmutableClassExample.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.ImmutableClassExample
org/sam/mines/examples/EqualsHashCodeExample.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.EqualsHashCodeExample
 org.sam.mines.examples.EqualsHashCodeExample$SimpleInterface
 org.sam.mines.examples.EqualsHashCodeExample$SimpleObject
 org.sam.mines.examples.EqualsHashCodeExample$SimpleObjectWithOnlyEquals
 org.sam.mines.examples.EqualsHashCodeExample$SimpleObjectWithOnlyHashCode
 org.sam.mines.examples.EqualsHashCodeExample$SimpleObjectWithoutEqualsHashcode
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/AdapterTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.AdapterTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ShapeAdapter
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/SingletonTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.Singleton
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.SingletonTest
org/sam/mines/examples/JitExample.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.JitExample
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/DecoratorTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.DecoratorTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.NiceShape
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.NiceShapeDecorator
org/sam/mines/examples/ThreadSafety.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.ThreadSafety
 org.sam.mines.examples.ThreadSafety$UnsafeThreadClass
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/PrototypeTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.PrototypeTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.PrototypedShape
org/sam/mines/examples/ExceptionExample.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.CheckedException
 org.sam.mines.examples.ExceptionExample
 org.sam.mines.examples.UncheckedException
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/TemplateTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.AbstractTemplate
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ConcreteTemplate
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.TemplateTest
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/FacadeTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.Facade
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.FacadeImpl
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.FacadeTest
org/sam/mines/examples/IterationExit.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.IterationExit
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/model/Color.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.model.Color
org/sam/mines/examples/patterns/CompositeTest.java
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.CompositeTest
 org.sam.mines.examples.patterns.ShapeComposite
